# cs250

Throughout this course, we have taken on an agile SDLC approach and implemented all the stages that were needed in order to give our client a working travel site. The site had specific needs in which the client and stakeholders requested, and due to the approach we had taken, we were able to deliver a well rounded site in just 8 weeks. In oder to interpret user needs, the best way to begin is a simple face to face conversation. By speaiking with the user and realizing what they have, what they need and even what they would like to have is a great way for the product owner to get started. When understanding the user needs and wants, user stories play a very significant role. They help, as an organization tool, in creating a place for the team to have an understanding of the difficulty of attaining the specific need/want and then identify’s that tasks priority level. Additionally, user stories give a reason behind a task, such that the user wants a certain functionality and that function serves a particular purpose. The user stories are a way for the team to have an understanding of why they will be implementing different tasks and gives purpose to their work, such that the wants from the users/stakehoolders become a functioning piece to the overall development. 

When approaching the development, I think it’s best to see what information has already been provided for the project. The product owner should have a deep understanding on when certain methods work and when when they won’t depending on the requirements layed out for the project. This could include the size and complexity of the project, and even the amount of employees working as a team. This information sets the groundwork for the rest of the development such that a method can be executed. The Project manager relays the templete for the team, and they simply work alongside the model chosen, enabling the team to produce the software. When adapting to an Agile framework, a team should first incorporate a few principles into their work day. I think the most important asset is simply having an enjoyable work environment where communication is not only accepted but highly encouraged. When the members of a team can come together with their accomplishments and setbacks, they could work together in filling in gaps. A prcoess that should be added to the team is the simple adaptation and change that agile brings to the table. Due to the fact agile allows you to go back and fix issues, and better the team, the sdlc becomes void if that simple process isn’t added. While the times of meetings can change and the amount of infomation you have at a certain time may different between each project, adapting to the change in agile is a process that one doesn’t need to leave out. 

In software developement, plans will continously change. There are so many models that one’s industry may use, and within a model there could be a hundred ways to go about a particular step. I believe that being a good team requires one to be open to being used in any type of way. Individuals are put onto teams and it is each member’s role to do their part in stepping up and filling in the gap. Another great skill one should have would be communication. No matter which sdlc model your team is following, it is vital that communication is clear and continous. It’s hard to know something new, if you don’t ask questions, thus being open to learning, stepping up, and speaking up would shape one into being a vital asset on a team. 
